Artify: Unleashing Styling Through Image Transformation 🎨
Artify is a Streamlit-based web application that enables users to apply various image transformation effects to their images. This tool offers several unique effects, including a Neon Filter Effect, a Sketch Effect, and a Neural Transform. Users can upload images and select from these transformations to enhance or stylize their images creatively.

Features
Neon Filter Effect: Apply a vivid, glowing neon effect to images.
Sketch Effect: Convert images into a pencil sketch style.
Neural Transform: Transfer complex artistic styles to images using neural networks.
Image Display: Showcase images from the local directory with ease.
Demo
You can access the app online via Streamlit Community Cloud here (add link once deployed).

Installation
To set up this project locally, follow these steps:

Prerequisites
Python (>= 3.7)
Git for version control
Streamlit (required to run the app)
Steps
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/artify-app.git
cd artify-app
Install Required Packages

Install all dependencies using the following command:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the Application

Start the app using Streamlit:

bash
Copy code
streamlit run app.py
Access the Application

Open your web browser and go to http://localhost:8501.

Usage
Upload an Image: Start by uploading an image you want to transform.
Choose a Transformation:
Neural Transform: Applies neural style transfer to the uploaded image.
Sketch: Converts the uploaded image to a pencil sketch.
Neon Filter Effect: Adds a glowing neon effect to the image.
View and Save the Results: After transformation, view and download the stylized image.

Technologies Used
Python: Core programming language.
Streamlit: For building and deploying the interactive web app.
OpenCV: For image processing and transformations.
Pillow (PIL): To handle image operations.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Feel free to modify or extend the project as needed! Let us know if you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement.

Contact
For any questions or feedback, please reach out at [iralesharayu10@gmail.com].

